This movie is actually worse than most movies I've ever suffered through, and I've suffered through a lot.
Absolute nonsense.
It's got terrible, forced dialogue; pointless plot developments; really drawn out 'spooky imagery' scenes, which look more like a high school remedial art project than a horror movie; 5/10 at best attractive women; long, boring sex scenes involving said women (forget what you know about virgins!
especially ones with lop- sided fake breasts); muttered, difficult to understand speech from some of the characters; and they actually used the masks from Killer Klowns from Outer Space during a masturbation scene, which should be a saving grace because that movie was pretty funny, but it isn't.
Veden Fell is the lamest bad guy in the history of film.
Absolutely give this one a miss.
Sometimes, making something strange and contemporary doesn't always work to everyone's advantage.
While I will admit that the set design and concept of the film was rather interesting, the execution of these ideas into one congruent story just didn't work.
This film was so hideously slow and pointless, not even Robin Williams could save this garbage.
It's obvious Barry Levinson's dream fell flat on its face, but he should have warned the rest of the world about this slop.
OK, I love bad horror.
I especially love horror bad enough to make fun of.
Demonicus, or House of the Dead - those were bad enough to make fun of.
Severed was not.
It was worse.
(spoilers - who cares?)
My friend and I sat through the entire film, and I have a number of comments, both in the "this sucks" style and in the realm of actual critiques.
Plot (sort of) - There's a guy in this city (which is possibly Seattle, see comment below) who is running around and cutting off heads.
He's been doing this for over a year (I'm not going back to get exact numbers - thank you VERY much), possibly two or three years.
One head a week.
And the police are JUST NOW calling in a "specialist" (who ONCE refers to himself as a psychic, but that never comes up again).
Schya right!
Feds take over after, what, THREE connected homicides?
After NEARLY A HUNDRED SIMILAR KILLINGS we'd be under freaking martial law!!!!!
Anyway,
 this "specialist" consults the voodoo chick who the police have been ignoring the entire time,
 and the two of them come to the conclusion that it's Baron Samedi,
 a voodoo spirit,
 who is cutting off heads to gain enough power to make himself a body (and then presumably take over the world - or possibly just go to Disneyland).
Um.
Setting - where IS this happening?
Well, if you're not from Seattle,
 you might not realize that at the bar/rave (occupied by about ten of the movie staff and their family members),
 there's a poster for a local radio station,
 and that in the highly-entertaining,
 "Pulp Fiction"esqe dialog (as IF) between the two cops (yes,
 the ones who get their heads cut off about 15 minutes into the flick) they discuss "the new stadium" which may still have been an issue when this movie was made.
Being from Seattle, I apologize on the movie's behalf and hang my head in shame.
OK, here's where it gets really critical - being a horror movie writer (not published, don't go looking for my name in the IMDb), I do research.
Lots of research.
And unlike the writers of this movie, I know that Baron Samedi - while a Voudon Loa (spirit) who guards the graveyards and has traditionally been associated (by various Christian oppressors) with "Satan" - is actually a "Loki"-like trickster god.
In other words, he doesn't cut off heads.
Besides, a major part of the Voudoun religion is that Baron Samedi can have a body whenever he wants.
Their religious ceremonies center around the possession of various members of the congregation by the loa.
Not to mention, if he's already possessed someone, why make a NEW body?
Also, if Baron Samedi GOT a body, he wouldn't go around cutting off heads, he'd get some good rum and cigars and par-TAY!!!
In summary, the only thing they did get (surprisingly) right is that in the completely unnecessary Tarot card reading (used only to show that the voodoo chick is "spooky") they didn't screw up the interpretations of the cards the way most movies do.
Again, I've done research.
(Anyone remember the old late-night ad for phone-in tarot readings - "The lovers - you will soon fall madly in love..." and all that nonsense?)
If you made it this far through my comments, I congratulate you.
And I'm sorry again.
I'll be more sorry if you feel the need to watch the film on account of me, so please don't.
This guy has no idea of cinema.
Okay, it seems he made a few interestig theater shows in his youth, and about two acceptable movies that had success more of political reasons cause they tricked the communist censorship.
This all is very good, but look carefully: HE DOES NOT KNOW HIS JOB!
The scenes are unbalanced, without proper start and and, with a disordered content and full of emptiness.
He has nothing to say about the subject, so he over-licitates with violence, nakedness and gutter language.
How is it possible to keep alive such a rotten corpse who never understood anything of cinematographic profession and art?
Why don't they let him succumb in piece?
Gwyneth Paltrow is absolutely great in this movie, but the story is, unfortunately, half-baked, and David Schwimmer's energy is sort of like cold mush.
When he closes his mouth and gets serious for a moment or two there is a rush of what-might-have-been.
Who thought 25-year-old kiddies would be entertaining?
This was the first of Panahi's films that I have seen, I saw it at Melbourne film festival.
I was totally absorbed by the different characters that he creates and how differently they react and behave compared to Aussie kids and yet on other levels how similarly.
I think perhaps if more people could see movies like this, they could see people as individuals and avoid racism that can often be fueled by the fear of the unknown.
There are the obvious large political differences between Oz culture and Iranian culture, but I found the more subtle differences between the characters, that this film fleshes out so successfully on screen, extremely fascinating.
There are idiosyncrasies in the characters that seem to me, so unique.
I found it made the characters compelling viewing.
Now, I'm no film critic, but I truly hated "September 11".
This film was, on a general basis, bad.
With the exception of Alejandro González Iñárritu's segment, which was the most effective and direct about the subject matter, the short films were at best boring, and at worst offensive.
The worst in my mind was Youssef Chahine's pretentious segment in which he compared Palestinian suicide bombers to American soldiers, even going so far as to suggest the suicide bombers were fighting for a greater cause.
The segment was completely off topic and, considering Chahine's seeming lack of any decency whatsoever, a waste of my time and patience.
The idea of getting eleven different directors from different countries to make a movie featuring their views on a tragedy was good on paper, but in practice, it was tasteless.
According to the director this movie was popular in Asia.
It is somewhat difficult to take these Mats Helge movies seriously since most of his films are shot on a very tight budget.
Almost no USD at all.
But it is fascinating to establish that Mats Helge eventually completes something which can be called an action movie.
The Ninja Mission is - I think - the best one among all movies directed by him.
Some special effects are quite enjoyable.
This is not a "B" or "C" movie.
It is a "Z" movie - but an enjoyable and fun "Z" movie!
First I bough this movie on VHS than I just had to buy it on dvd, it is on of my favorite movies of all time.
I have read the book, but I really think the movie is much better.
I loved Gwyneth Paltrow as Emma and Jeremy Northam as Mr. Knightley was an excellent chose.
He was brilliant!
It's a 10/10 movie!!
!
Salva and his pal Bigardo have been at the margin of the law during most of their lives.
We see them panhandling in a car of the underground, where their pitch to get donations is so lame, no one gives them anything!
Salva, who is a hardened petty criminal doesn't even have any redeeming qualities, that is, until he discovers a reality show on television that gives him the idea of what to do next.
Religion and show business prove to be a winning combination, something that Salva capitalizes on.
He and Bigardo have been in jail after the accidental death of a priest that was critical of the duo.
Salva shows he is a natural for the reality show.
He transforms himself into a Christ-like figure who is an instant success in the program.
Espe, who is a no-nonsense woman who is show's producer, can't escape from the way Salva pays her unusual attention.
Ultimately, Salva is the victim of his own success in the end.
Jordi Molla, whose first directorial job this movie is, had some success in the way the film satirizes the role of television.
Spain, which was vulnerable to these types of programs, has seen its share of the bizarre, which is what the director felt is an assault on the viewing public and wanted to set his story from the point of view of the people that are making a fortune out of the naive audience.
The ensemble cast has some good moments in the film.
Mr. Molla, like any actor who decides to direct his first feature, would have been more effective concentrating on the picture in front of the camera.
Candela Pena, a good actress, is one of the best reasons for watching the movie.
Juan Carlos Villedo, David Gimenez Cacho, Franco Francescoantonio, Florinda Chico and the rest responded well to the new director.
